<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <title>Concept1.xhtml</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="shared.css" type="text/css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Welcome to Bio7</h1>
    <h4>
    <p><br />
    </p>
    <br />
    <p>The application Bio7 is an integrated development environment for
      ecological modelling and contains powerful tools for model
      creation, scientific image analysis and statistical analysis. The
      application itself is based on an RCP-Eclipse-Environment
      (Rich-Client-Platform) which offers a huge flexibility in
      configuration and extensibility because of its plug-in structure
      and the possibility of customization.</p>
    <p><strong>Features:</strong></p>
    <ul>
      <li>Creation and analysis of simulation models.</li>
      <li>Statistical analysis (R).</li>
      <li>Spatial statistics (possibility to send values from a
        specialized panel to R).</li>
      <li>Image Analysis (embedded ImageJ).</li>
      <li>Fast transfer of image data from ImageJ to R and vice versa.</li>
      <li>Fast communication between R and Java (with RServe) and the
        possibilty to use R methods inside Java.</li>
      <li>Interpretation of Java and script creation (BeanShell, Groovy,
        Jython).</li>
      <li>Dynamic compilation of Java.</li>
      <li>Creation of methods for Java, BeanShell, Groovy, Jython and R
        (integrated editors for Java, R, BeanShell, Groovy, Jython).</li>
      <li>Sensitivity analysis with an embedded flowchart editor in
        which scripts, macros and compiled code can be dragged and
        executed.</li>
      <li>Creation of 3d OpenGL (Jogl) models.</li>
      <li>Visualizations and simulations on an embedded 3d globe (World
        Wind Java SDK).</li>
    </ul>
    
    <p></p>
    </h4>
  </body>
</html>
